GENERAL ZOMBIE BEHAVIOURS

Behaviours module needs to be notified when new alerts are added so zombies can decide if they should go after that alert. Spawns does too to know whether to spawn loot zombies and alert zombies
When a zombie is going for a target, if it finds a better target it should change to that better one.
A hierarchy of targets might be best, so it can only go up the hierarchy, not back down (unless it's gotten far enough to lose its target).
1. Actor targets are king, when an actor is being chased, only a closer (or maybe more dangerous?) actor should be targeted instead. Danger is a pain to manage though
2. Alerts - a zombie with a position target that sees an alert should go for that
3. Position - pretty much used as a leftover from lost alerts or actors

Note that all of these target types will have weights to them, so pos are set on creation, actor are based on distance and alert are based on alert relative strength (i.e. alert strength and distance)
Swapping to a different target will only happen if that target's weight outweighs the current target's weight.
	E.g. a zombie swarm attack would have very high weight position target, and throwing a flare might entrance the one it hits but no more. Likewise, they would only change to humans that got close enough to them
	E.g. a player running from a zombie could throw a flare at the zombie and it may stop the zombie in its tracks. But if the zombie is close enough to the player still it would ignore it and keep going.
Also note that the hierarchy stuff for alerts only applies to preexisting alerts, so newly made ones can ignore it and attract zombies with actor targets, since throwing a bright light at the zombie might screw it up
	
This could also allow for different types of zombies, e.g. bloodhound zombie which would have a bonus to weight for human targets, or forgetful zombie which would have a mallus to weight for all targets and would change targets more often

To Do This:
Need to refactor spawns and zombie table to add weights to zombie stuff
Need to refactor behaviours so zombies losing actor targets is based on the weight of the target and when that weight is lower than min weight they lose the target
Need to refactor behaviours so the position targets for zombies that lose actor or alert targets are very weak and can be easily usurped
Need to add to behaviours a system so zombies will change targets for higher hierarchy, higher weight targets


ALERT ZOMBIE SPAWNS AND BEHAVIOURS:

Note: Need to allow for zombies with flag to set the distance at which they start sprinting to a target. The actual sprinting will be taken care of by their ai script
VL - Zombies within 500px sprint towards alert, spawns 1 walking zombie 750px away (sprints on reaching default sprint distance) with respawn time 1 minute
L - Zombies on screen sprint towards alert, spawns 1 sprinting zombie 1000px away with respawn time 30 seconds
M - Zombies within 1100px sprint towards alert, spawns 1 walking zombie 1500px away with respawn 10 seconds
H - Zobmies within 2000px sprint towards alert, spawns 2 sprinting zombies 1500px away with respawn time of 1 minute
VH - Zombies within 3250px sprint towards alert, spawns 3 sprinting zombies 1500px away with respawn time of 3 minutes
VVH - Used only for endgame, pulls all zombies on map?

Don't use pixel distances, use the strength of the alert and fiddle with the distance formula.
Also need to spawn any loot zombies within visible distance of the alert.


----------------------------------------------
I think I might have a solution, tell me if you think it's feasible. We'll need to change a few of the weapons' sound table values (in Balancing Notes folder) to deviate from the canon values a little, though. Like, instead of Low/Med, the Makarov should just be Low I think. Revolver and M1911A1 should now be Low/Med, as should the Winchester 1866.

• The Makarov and G17 are fairly weak - sound and damage wise. Their noise level should make any zombies within 500 pixels sprint towards the alert. They can spawn one additional zombie 750 pixels away who will walk towards the alert, not sprint (until they see the player, of course). Spawning should have a cooldown of 1 minute.
• The Revolver and M1911A1 are more powerful - again, sound and damage wise. We should change their sound level to Low/Medium. These should make any zombie on screen sprint, and spawn one zombie 1000 pixels away who will spawn sprinting toward the alert. The cooldown should be 30 seconds.
• Medium sound value weapons - should make any zombie within 1100 pixels of player's position sprint towards the alert's point of origin. These should also spawn one zombie, 1500 pixels from player's position, who will spawn walking towards the alert, not sprinting. This cooldown should be 10 seconds.
• High sound value weapons - should make zombies sprint towards the alert who are within 2000 pixels. This will also spawn two zombies, who can appear 1500 pixels away from the player's position, but will be sprinting towards the alert when spawned. The cooldown should be 1 minute, to balance the severity.
• Finally, Very High sound weapons should make zombies within 3250 pixels sprint towards the player, and spawn three zombies 1500 pixels away who will spawn spriting towards the alert. The cooldown for this should be 3 minutes. (simulates "pulling" all nearby zombies so there wouldn't be left to hear additional shots that hadn't already been alerted)
• Very Very high should be saved for endgame-related stuff, or stuff we haven't thought about yet. Maybe something to do with the heli? A large enough alert to pull all the zombies on map? IDK.

I based those pixel values on the actual placement of stuff on the map, for example 3250 covers the whole military base portion; these values can change after we've tested it of course. It seems like a ton of different stuff for each sound level (N, L, L/M, M, H, VH, VVH), so please, if it's not possible tell me, and I'll come up with a new plan.
---------------------------------------------



IDEAS:
2 gangs (blue fists, yellowback vipers)
	1 has base on island, other has base accessible by truck
	Fix boat and exit left to get choices:
		Can go to shipwreck, island, etc.
	Fix truck and exit right to get different choices:
		Can go to base, farmhouse (lots of food), etc.
	From viper base, can steal heli (need to kill them all and loot for fuel or something)
	With heli, can go left or right for different options:
		Go right to get to ghost tower and finish
		Go left to get to somewhere else important?
		
	Scene transition choices in vehicles are done with weegee mission framework style stuff.

	
STAIRS:
Bottom area and top area, script on them checks occasionally for actors within either area and tables them by UniqueID

The look through all actors in the above or below table to see if they should be using the stairs:
	If the actor is player controlled and double taps up at the bottom or down at the top, they'll ascend/descend the stairs
	If the actor is not player controlled and has a waypoint above the bottom or below the top and has a MovePath element that's visible from the opposite area
		(i.e. actor is at bottom of the stairs and its movepath goes through the stairs area) then walk the actor up the stairs
	Either way, the actor is added to a table of actors using the stairs that also mentions whether they came from above or below
	
Actors using the stairs have their controllers disabled and are force moved - walked in the right direction and have some relevant vel added to them

Also have to account for top side of stairs allowing actors to still walk by applying vel to them in the direction they're trying to walk

Stairs can be both directions, that will be accounted for in the create part of the script that'll determine up and down x movements based on their name